
# *"Teenager Protection Act"* is not a human rights violation
According to [2011헌마659 Case](http://search.ccourt.go.kr/ths/pr/ths_pr0101_P1.do?seq=0&cname=&eventNum=33279&eventNo=2011%ED%97%8C%EB%A7%88659&pubFlag=0&cId=010200&selectFont=), Human Rights Court approves that initial roll-out of *"Teenager Protection Act"* is not a human rights violation (with some disprovals). 

## Summary of the Court Record
  
### Understanding the implementation of *Teenager Protection Act* 
*"Teenager Protection Act"* is for implementation for *addiction-countermeasure* for video games in general, that caused *"increasing rate of homicide (of their parents) and suicide rates in nation-wide phenomeon"*  

This requires *"Shutdown System"* for video-game industry to implement.  

_Reference: (이유: 5가1)_

### Teenagers can not control themselves
This law is for only controlling growing-ups which needs to sleep and prevent addiction in the government scale. And preventing social problems (prescribed above, *"homicide and suicide rates"*) 
  
This clearly states this law is for public good, therefore this is proper cause of restriction in human rights.

### Game Addiction is a huge-deal.
According to "Research", 80% of all gamers are teenagers. and online games are the most. and it shows "most" of teenagers and parents are having difficulties of taking control of game play-time.  
And South korea has a broadband network, So, "most" of the teenagers are using Internet just because game.  
Also, teenagers and any mass playing video-games has severe confusion of distinguishing Virtual World and Real World, Therefore causing mental disorder. Causing failing in schools.  

Especially, Online games are mainly focused creating social network inside the games.  

Also, this law clearly states banning players in 0AM - 6AM, under age of 16, therefore, we are limiting people affected by this, therefore, not a problem. And requester's claim on this law is not cultural is inacceptable.  

Also [Ministry of Gender Equality and Family](https://mogef.go.kr) is checking games periodically is not a problem.  

_Reference: (이유: 6 2 가, 나)_

### Adding Game Server Shutdown feature on game server is not a issue

According to law, all of the internet services needs a government ID verification in order to provide a service, therefore, implementing this is not a issue for game developers.

_Reference: (이유: 6 2 나)_


### This is all for public good
public good arising from limiting teenager's access is much more than providing freedom for parents to allow their childrens to play online games.  
Since this law is allowing teenagers to grow up as a functioning part of our society and will provide human resources. also, reducing cost for the future.

